OUR ONLINE EXAMINATION SYSTEM ESSENTIAL FEATURES:--

Login system must be present and secured by password.
Ability to setup multiple choice question paper.
Display of quick and accurate results.
Continuously monitoring of students using webcam.
Rankings , and history of exams attempted can be looked after.
-Admin panel
  Can add/remove the teachers.
  Can view the feedbacks.
-Teacher panel
  Can add/remove question papers.
  Can view the individual test results and overall rankings.
  Can view the student pictures during the test and suspend the student,if necessary.
-Student panel
  Can write the exams shown in home page
  Only once a student can attempt the examination , after then the examination is disabled until the teacher removes it.
  Can view the overall ranking and the details of scores and examinations previously attempted.
Log out after the over.
Users can send the suggestions and feedbacks from the home page , it can be viewed by admin.




WHAT MAKES OUR ONLINE EXAM SYSTEM WEB PROJECT DIFFERS FROM OTHERS??

Low internet connection would be sufficient to load the pages, since we haven’t used much picture data(using pictures the user with low internet connection takes time to load the images). In other online exam system websites , we can find only one admin who is surely responsible for the addition or deletion of the test, but we made this site any number of authorized persons can add/remove the examinations and these all authorized persons and users of this site will be controlled by the admin. It could be very helpful for educational institues acting as :

Admin(headdash.php) --- director of institute
Teacher(dash.php) --- professors of college
User(acccount.php) --- students of the college
home page (index.php) Security with password , continuosly monitored by teachers, even the admin cannot look at the password , ensuring the trust of the users. A feedback system available for suggesting improvements and registering complaints.